Fix WASM format link (#27925)
mdn/content: files/en-us/webassembly/understanding_the_text_format/index.md

This module is totally empty, but is still a valid module.

> If we convert our module to binary now (see [Converting WebAssembly text format to Wasm](/en-US/docs/WebAssembly/Text_format_to_Wasm)), we'll see just the 8 byte module header described in the [binary format](https://webassembly.github.io/spec/core/binary/modules.html):

Reviewer: Should we be even more specific in our link?

```suggestion
If we convert our module to binary now (see [Converting WebAssembly text format to Wasm](/en-US/docs/WebAssembly/Text_format_to_Wasm)), we'll see just the 8 byte module header described in the [binary format](https://webassembly.github.io/spec/core/binary/modules.html#binary-module):
```

Author: of course!

> If we convert our module to binary now (see [Converting WebAssembly text format to Wasm](/en-US/docs/WebAssembly/Text_format_to_Wasm)), we'll see just the 8 byte module header described in the [binary format](https://webassembly.github.io/spec/core/bikeshed/#modules%E2%91%A0%E2%93%AA):

Reviewer 2: The entire `/core/binary/` tree is about binary format; I don't think it's necessary to use another page. What about:

```suggestion
If we convert our module to binary now (see [Converting WebAssembly text format to Wasm](/en-US/docs/WebAssembly/Text_format_to_Wasm)), we'll see just the 8 byte module header described in the [binary format](https://webassembly.github.io/spec/core/binary/modules.html):
```

Author: Yep that may be better
